Question 0: Resend the text that is submitted in data as the answer

Question 1: The answer is the data multiplied with 2

Question 2: The answer is the data in uppercase

Question 3: Return the text in data in the reverse order

Question 4: Return the sorted list

Question 5: Return a list containing only the first 3 elements

Question 6: Return a list where each number is multiplied with 5

Question 7: Return the value of the 6th element

Question 8: Return a sorted list, where the duplicates are removed

Question 9: Replace 'be' in the data with 'python'

Question 10: The answer is the whole sentence with the word 'star' spelled backwards

Question 11: Return a list containing 20 values starting with the number in data and incrementing with 5

Question 12: The data is a list of tuples containing ip-addresses and number of connections. return the number of connections for ip-address 192.168.1.212

Question 13: The answer is the total sum of all the numbers in the list

Question 14: Return a list containing tuples with names and phonenumbers [(\"name1\",\"phone1\"),(\"name2\",\"phone2\")...]

Question 15: Return the dictionary with the entry for \"192.168.1.243\" removed

Question 16: The answer is the sentence where each word is in reverese (the words keep their place in the sentence)

Question 17: return a list containing 10 tuples of the ones found in data

Question 18: Add a new item to the dictionary with the key \"yellow\" and the value 22 

Question 19: return a set containing all unique ip addresses in data

Question 20: return a dictionary containing all status codes (in string)  as key, and how many times their occured (in int) as value

Question 21: return the average size (in int) of all responses with status 200 

Question 22: return the number of times (in int)  an images of the type png is in the response

Question 23: convert this list to a dictionary where the episode number is the key (ie: \"Episode I\") and the name is the value (ie: \"The Phantom Menace\")

Question 24: return a sorted list (in int) containing the numbers 1-100, but without the numbers divideble with the number in data (ie. the numbers 3,6,9,12... should not be there)

Question 25: this sha1 hash was found. the system it comes from normally uses 4 character kodes, consisting of a-z in lowercase

Question 26: the data provided contains a tuple, where first element is a sha256. The second element contains a dictionary (created by scapping the victims facebook) of words an values that the password could be generated from. Assume that the password length is 8 characters, and that the system requires lowercase, uppercase letters and numbers.

Question 27: return the missing layer

Question 28: return the mac address

Question 29: Use cap.pcapng from the network challenge. Analyse the paket(data is the packet no). What is the length of the data transmitted in this paket (in bytes).

Question 30: Use cap.pcapng from the network challenge. Data is a path for a HTTP request. What is Ack (raw) in the packet that acknowledges this file?

Question 31: Use cap.pcapng from the network challenge. What domain name is here?

Question 32: KEA has been infiltrated by thieves. Luckily, they were chased away, and dropped what they stole. 
Your task is to use the recorded log data to figure out what floor and room number the thieves ended up.
ServiceDesk gave you the following legend: ^ = +1 floor, v = -1 floor, < = -1 room number, > = +1 room number.
Answer with a tuple containing the floor and room number, considering you start on floor 0 and room 0.

Question 33: ServiceDesk calls you and tells you they gave you an outdated legend for the log data.
It was from before KEA realised that having negative room numbers doesn't make sense.
That means the room numbers wrap back around. For example if you are by room 0 and you move left (<), you will be by room 100 and vice versa.
Furthermore the legend states that if log entries are repeated, they increment in value. 
For example if you see >>>, the first ">" is 1, the next ">" is 2, and the last ">" is 3, totalling 6 rooms moved. 
This incremenation resets if the current log entry differs from the previous entry.